Hi, I'm Scott, a California native and resident of the San Francisco Bay Area. I graduated from Five Branches University of Santa Cruz and San Jose with a Masters of Traditional Chinese Medicine (MTCM) and a Doctorate of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine (DAOM).

I became a Licensed Acupuncturist and Herbalist in California in 2004 and have been in practice since. I’ve had a busy time so far, delivering approximately 30,000 acupuncture treatments in the nearly 9 years I spent at Kaiser Permanente Redwood City alone.

Additionally, I have sought out specialized training in acupuncture for neuromuscular medicine, pain management, women’s health, trauma relief, orthopedics, sports injuries, as well as complex, chronic conditions.

Of course, I've used computers and software all along the way.

I truly enjoy this field because it has afforded me a lifelong opportunity to learn, grow, and apply powerful healing techniques to change the lives of others.

Recently, I have focused my efforts toward learning and understanding the topics of Sports Medicine Acupuncture; nonprofit startups and management; as well as taking a comprehensive approach to data dcience, including the study of mathematical disciplines of Probability, Statistics; the Python programming language; and other data science topics.

I have a voracious appetite for knowledge, and these fields of study satisfy a drive to learn that I’ve experienced my whole life.

I started working in Junior High, because I wanted to save enough money to buy a meditation course on audio cassettes (now I’m dating myself). I went to work as a paperboy for the San Mateo Times, delivering newspapers to the residents of the Redwood City neighborhood I lived in.

Later on, I was working in tech, but as an office worker. My first position in Silicon Valley was for an entrepreneur who asked me to wear many hats: delivery driver, shipping & receiving, office administration, coffee runs, etc. etc. He also took the time to teach me about the biz, and about some technical topics around computer science.

I have always loved technology, even as a kid. As soon as I saw the movie TRON, I desperately wanted to get my hands on a computer and learn how to program. I did exactly that – using a Timex Sinclair home computer connected to the TV in the kitchen, I started to learn the BASIC programming language. That was nineteen-eighty-something.